# GOALS
This is me putting an idea into action that I would like to start on a decentralized network of blockchain nodes like WAX.io with absolutely no programming experience, other than what I have managed to figure out myself in about a years time, and only with minimal networking and hardware experience (Comptia A+/ expired! lol) prior to that!  Originally I was introduced to the Wax blockchain in about May 2020, being a original holder of a almost complete Original Master Set of Garbage Pail Kids made by Topps, and turned to E-Bay to sell my long held cherished collectables. I was then 44 and felt it was time to let someone else enjoy them. Anyways, it was at this time I absolutely could not believe what my eyes were seeing, my first NFT! And it was the Original Garbage Pail Kids Series 1. I took this as a sort of sign, that these would be absolutely fantastic to own! They were serial numbered, collectable, and cutting edge, to me. It was then.... I thought "You cant pass this opportunity up, this might be something of a desired collection like my Master Hard Copy set was to me, and this was sure to be, to somebody else  someday. How perfect! They would always be in mint condition, they were serialized, limited in quantity, and something I thought was a no brainer for the collectable market to embrace soon in the near future and I was now in love with this new possibility called blockchain, I was staring at. Little did I know at the time, was just how early I really was at collecting NFTs and how little about the blockchain(s) and NFTs that I really knew! Fast forward 13 months, and a heap of information later ( I'm always reading and learning!) ultimately bringing me to my idea... that I need help with accomplishing to help make my dream a reality, I have hopes of scaling out to other blockchains, warehouses, safety deposit boxes , etc. eventually, storing luxury and real property type items, and making paying for these hard type asset loans with crypto currencies a reality, in the very near future! With help from other more experienced developers I feel its possible to get it done. Introducing ladies and gentlemen, Crypto Pawn. The first of its kind platform that would offer blockchain digital asset loans and eventually real world property assets (stored off chain for hard assets property pawns payable by crypto, contracted on the wax blockchain!!!  Much like a real world pawn shop of sorts, enabling instant wax and cash offers payable instantly, once a user account has passed verification or been  whitelisted. Once users have a verified payment method on file, and a legal Identification check done, by Crypto Pawn or other dApp chosen 3rd party trusted site. Loan Contracts for end users would be available through Crypto Pawns dApp, at a predetermined fractioned amount of the market live market value. For example 25-35% of NFT value could be given to end users for loan contracts, or a 30-60% payable amount, for a direct sale of a NFT asset, made to the Crypto Pawn store, that would be determined by (current/instant) live market pricing (possibly crypto-slam could provide current market prices for users in a Crypto Pawn Pricing Generator, but I am open to other real time pricing providers I may not be aware of? Searchable by a generator GUI type much like Atomic Hub uses, to send trade offers to users . this would be separate for each NFT individually, and have customizable buttons and toggle selections for each NFT or asset. This would construct the contract on the blockchain Wax.io while using the Generator in the Crypto Pawn dApp. Also offering a toggle for loan or sell price for each, as well as a negotiate price button to engage the end user and Crypto Pawn Negotiations. I feel this would help the end user feeling more comfortable having more choices to select from. in regards to the loan terms and length. (only on overall contract price, should the negotiated price button be allowed to be used. But a counteroffer option for the end user to use in each NFT section, could help with the contracts construction much more accurately, quickly, and makes easy for the end user to understand there contract. Auto generated pre defined margins, could complete the negotiation process, for Crypto Pawn, allowing contracts to be done efficiently and validate as "true and valid," should the counteroffer meet Crypto Pawns Thresh hold requirements of the Asset Cost for the end user. Other tweaks could be done to void the negotiated price button on the final contract form, once a form of negotiation has been used already in the contract. I am considering enabling the final negotiated price button, using a special Promo Code at certain times for deeper discounts! And offering in the generator, separate buttons allowing the end user the ability to decide the length of contracts, negotiate terms, pawn or sale (All generated instantly based on live prices, and predetermined set interest rates, transaction fees, and contract lengths that Crypto Pawn has predesigned to offer (1 month/ 3 month/ 6month). All handled on the wax blockchain platform. as well as a https website administered by myself and other participating parties and merchant accounts linked to the https site, held separately in US business banking institution. affiliated to Crypto Pawn and its business licenses. And the blockchain.io site being administered by myself and chosen others partnered in this project. I would expect and prefer to have no start  up cost. With development being paid by means of wax or cash deposit (agreed terms)  collected from each and every Crypto Pawn contract ( a negotiable royalty % fee) for as long as the website continues. In addition a https website is needed, where NFTs are bought and Sold and loan payments can be made in USD, by a synchronized  separate Crypto Pawn Extension of the Crypto Pawn  Wax.io site available, that would need to use a 2FA authenticator app or equivalent for logging in purposes, on blockchain, while user account information (user profile) and hard copy of contract with hash info and block details, user account and payment details will be handled separately from blockchain site and will be stored on the https site, for end user access. While handling transfers, Loan Contracts, and NFTs Market transactions, but also offered in the https website extension (NFTs would be in a jpeg readable format for the https site, for the selection of said asset for purchase to the end users wax wallet, and also offer an alternative to make loan payments, or receive USD rather than wax for loaned or sold assets only (Only available for US customers, developers would still receive wax payment for royalty as this fee must be paid by the end user as part of the contract).  But Crypto Pawn would also offer on Atomic Hub the same USD/WAX amount to match (coinciding together USD/w blockchain pricing), available to purchase prices displayed on the https Crypto Pawn website.  Contract and Payments of NFTs could then be purchased back on a payment system of USD if the customer liked. Also charged to the user of the loan would be optional interest rates and contract lengths (increasing interest rate, with further contract dates, and loan renewals, offering more choices and flexibility to the end user in the US , while paying any applicable transaction fees and agreed contract cost. If not honored by the contracts date of expiration and or the terms of. The NFT(s) becomes a saleable Digital Asset in the custody of Crypto a Pawn, and go on sale for full market value (negotiable by 10-20% of live market top retail pricing feeds by the new buyer in the https// site, offering a bargaining option for new buyers using the Crypto Pawn https: site, also offering more flexibility when buying, using an automated price generator in the https:// store, for negotiated prices on NFTs. Crypto Pawn would pay the purchaser in WAX/USD, the .io site would remain on the WAX blockchain for development , lost and bought assets would be displayed for sale, while loaned ones would not. Also to be included to the dApp, should be the ability by the administrators to close the loan department, for site issues, or not accept trade offers, when specified, and the ability to block users, misusing the platform. Open to all criticism and opened minded ideas, I hope I have given enough information for someone to see my vision. I apologize in advance if none of this makes sense, tired when I wrote this, please excuse run-ons, gibberish, and any incorrect spelling, I may have through out this compiled mess, from this crazy mind of mine. Thanks for reading! 
